Privacy Policy

S&K Games built this game as a paid app. This SERVICE is provided by S&K Games and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

We do not collect any personally identifiable information from users of our app. Your privacy is of utmost importance to us, and we do not collect, transmit, or store any personal data during your use of the service.

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app, we do not collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

We do not use cookies in this app.

Service Providers

We do not employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), and we do not provide any personally identifiable information to them.

Security

We value your trust in using our service. As our game does not collect any personal information, you can be assured that no personal data is transmitted to us during your use of the service. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

Links to Other Sites

This Service does not contain links to other sites.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 27 February 2024.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at ContactSandKgames@gmail.com.

